DOC only use chi2 on binary and counts features (#24684)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/feature_selection.rst

   selection with a configurable strategy. This allows to select the best
   univariate selection strategy with hyper-parameter search estimator.

> For instance, we can perform a F-test to the samples to retrieve only the two
> best features as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instance, we can use a F-test to retrieve the two
best features for a dataset as follows:
```
I like this better/sound more "english" to my ears. I used "dataset" as the collective noun for "samples", couldn't think of a better one.

Author: agreed :)

The methods based on F-test estimate the degree of linear dependency between
two random variables. On the other hand, mutual information methods can capture
any kind of statistical dependency, but being nonparametric, they require more

> samples for accurate estimation. Note that the :math:`\chi^2`-test should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
samples for accurate estimation. Note that the :math:`\chi^2`-test should only be
```

> applied to non-negative features, such as frequencies.

Reviewer: From https://github.com/scikit-learn/scikit-learn/pull/24684/files#diff-de6d58612e95dff65b644db2d1a31c5910f363eb29c1c3a25cdac47d9ff285bdR175 I think the answer is that "You should only use the chi2 test if all your features are non-negative". Made a suggestion.
